README.md, before:

# Laravel 11 blog API

This is a sample blog API project with **Laravel 11**

## What did i do
I implemented authentication, category, an blog post.
I did not do anything about cache and did not write any test.  

## How to run
 1. you need to install [Laravel requirements](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/installation) 
 2. download zip file or clone from git
 3. install packages
 4. run the project
 5. test API's with [Postman](https://www.postman.com/)
 6. 
## Implementation points
 - Used Sqlite to store data
 - Used [Laravel Sanctum](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/sanctum) for authentication
 - Used  [eloquent-sluggable](https://github.com/cviebrock/eloquent-sluggable) to generate slug for categories and posts

## Postman API documents

Post man document for all implemented API's are [here](https://www.postman.com/maminarghavani/workspace/sample-projects/collection/6165281-7c8b3cc3-3272-4863-a224-b86c0a674fea?action=share&creator=6165281&active-environment=6165281-42629a18-09d1-4d0b-8b9a-e06e501c5ad9).

Commit message:

add cache for latest published post and total count

README.md, after:

# Laravel 11 blog API

This is a sample blog API project with **Laravel 11**

## What did i do
I implemented authentication, category and blog post and also cache for latest published blog post and published posts count.
I did not write any test.  

## How to run
 1. you need to install [Laravel requirements](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/installation) 
 2. download zip file or clone from git
 3. install packages
 4. run the project
 5. test API's with [Postman](https://www.postman.com/)

## Implementation points
 - Used Sqlite to store data
 - Used [Laravel Sanctum](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/sanctum) for authentication
 - Used  [eloquent-sluggable](https://github.com/cviebrock/eloquent-sluggable) to generate slug for categories and posts

## Postman API documents
Postman calls for all implemented API's are [here](https://www.postman.com/maminarghavani/workspace/sample-projects/collection/6165281-7c8b3cc3-3272-4863-a224-b86c0a674fea?action=share&creator=6165281&active-environment=6165281-42629a18-09d1-4d0b-8b9a-e06e501c5ad9).
